Name :David Ra
Student ID: 101977205
Workshop 7 Reflection OOP244
Date: Nov 15th 2020

In Workshop 7 of OOP244, I learned how to inherit a derived class from a base class, access a shadowed member function, and use custom input and output functions that is defined in a base class.

Inheritance is the 2nd important factor of OOP because it forms a set of relationships between related classes.
Having a hierarchy helps and enforces concept of inheritance in OOP.

The representation of hierarchy can be known as derived and base classes.
A base class also known as parent class or a super class acts as an origin which other "derived classes" can spring from.
A derived class, also known as child class or a sub class uses the base class as a starting point and builds on top of the base class. 
This means that a derived class can inherit all the data members and all the member functions. (except special functions such as constructor, destructor etc.)

Shadowing in hierarchy means that when a function with the same name that exists in both derived and base classes, the function that exist in the most derived class will be matched and called.
For example, if there is a function named "yes" in both base and derived classes, the "yes" function in derived classes will be called.

From Vehicle.h and Truck.h file:
	"class Vehicle "
	"class Truck : public Vehicle { "

In workshop 7, class Truck is a derived class and class Vehicle is the base class.
Class Truck inherited all the data members and all the member functions of the Vehicle class (except special functions such as constructor, destructor etc.)

I was also able to manually access a particular member function from the parent class.
For example,
From Trucks.cpp file:
	
	new (this) Vehicle(license, year);
	m_capacity = capacity;
	m_load = 0;
	Vehicle::moveTo(address);
	
I was able to call upon functions "moveTo" as well as a constructor of a base class (Vehicle).
By using the scope resolution operator "::", I was able to manually access the functions.
